---
published: false
layout: adventure
title: Day 1 - Overview
splash:
  url: ""
  alt: ""
snapshots:
  - url: ""
    alt: ""
---

Monday was really the first day we did the whole tourist-y thing. First, though, we had breakfast with Megan and Jon at Cafe Piola. We both got cafe con leche and tostadas con mermelados (toast with jam). It ended up being a take-the-jam-you-want-from-the-jam-basket sort of situation, but I was prepared to ask for straberry jam; Tony tried to test me by asking if I even knew what 'strawberry' was in Spanish (I did - it's 'fresa'). The breakfast was lovely, and especially the company, and we parted ways with a new map and a few more tips on things to do.

We wandered through the city a bit, more than we had so far. There was always something to look at, with different building styles all crammed up against each other. I particularly enjoyed seeing the bright buildings somewhere between buttercup and tangerine in shade, or white walls with that same orange-yellow painted on the bricks lining windows and doors, or elaborate wrought iron grates and railings, or patios spilling over with potted plants.

We headed generally in the direction of the cathedral. We couldn't find the entrance at first, so we circled part-way around until we did. Before we could go in, thoguh, we were approached by a woman holding sprigs of rosemary; before I knew what was happening, I was holding a sprig myself and my hand was being held out to apparently have my fortune read. Before we came to Spain, we were warned of just such a thing by several people, but it was so sudden that I was taken by surprise.

The woman who read my palm spoke no English, but I think I got the gist of my fortune. She said Tony and I would have much love (also, she kept saying "Louis" when she'd mention love or nod towards Tony, which I don't understand; she may have guessed and missed at his name?). She also said I would have a happy home and/or family, die in my sleep (presumably of old age), and have one bambino, or one soon (it was unclear).

Then she wanted payment -- in paper. The smallest paper money I had was a &euro;10 note (I think the smallest they even go is &euro;5). By this point, Tony had also had his palm read by another woman.I split the maybe 3 euros worth in coins between them, and the woman who read my palm said something that sounded to me like that I made the Santa Maria weep; granted, I don't know much spanish, so it may have been more her tone than anything.

Tony's palm reader, who apparently did speak English, did not seem upset. She told me that we should go see some flamenco, that it was the soul of Spain (or something to that effect), and I enthusiastically responded that we were planning to go that night. Tony told me afterwards that the woman had told him that he had "flamenco eyes," and though neither one of us know what that means, it sounds pretty cool. After we left them, the rosemary safely tucked in my purse, we headed into the Catedral de Sevilla.

<!-- 
- link to catedral de sevilla post
- link to real alcazar post
- link to jardines del alcazar post
-->


- headed back
- flamenco
