---
published: true
layout: adventure
title: Quilombo
splash:
  url: "https://scontent-mad1-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/10406537_679525745472312_145046509725539020_n.jpg?oh=c0735648dfe76e856b47ebfbb683f925&oe=58B4DD05"
  alt: "Quilombo (Facebook image)"
# snapshots:
#   - url: ""
#     alt: ""
---

We went out for dinner, deciding to see where we could find instead of picking a place ahead of time. We headed down to La Alameda, then kept wandering south-ish past some crowded cafes and bars.

Ahead of us was a building with a big "Q" on it ([Quilombo](https://www.facebook.com/quilombocafesevilla), with a menu outside that looked pretty good. We went in and were given our choice of tables, since there was only one other table occupied. It was a much quieter affair than Dúo Tapas last night, which was nice.

The waitress asked us what we wanted and we asked for water, and she asked if we wanted English menus (all this in Spanish! hooray for us!). We eached picked a pair of tapas - Tony got the enchilada de pollo (chicken enchilada) y papas arrugás con 2 salsas (canarian potatoes served with 2 sauces); I got the parmiggiana (aubergine, mozzarella, tomato, pesto rosso) y rulo de queso de cabra con miel (gratinated roll of goat cheese with honey). The potatoes and the parmigianna were too salty but would have been excellent otherwise, and the other two were excellent.

We were sitting by the window so we got to watch the people and, more importantly, the dogs outside. There was a boxer tethered to a gate that Tony worried about the entire dinner, but his owner collected him before we left. There were a number of sleek sighthound types that walked by, and a few small dogs with jackets; Tony saw one, "a tiny dog wearing a tiny jacket," with a little leather greaser jacket trotting behind his owner's bike. There was also a short, pointy, shaggy dog that sped by like a miniature furry torpedo with legs, and at the bar across the street, some people came to sit with their gentleman basset who seemed to enjoy going out of his way to pee on everything.

We also ordered (or in my case, tried to order) drinks. We weren't sure if non-beer drinks were available, but they had some rums and such on the shelf behind the bar. Tony ordered a cerveza (that went smoothly), and I saw a sign against the wall that said "Cocktails," so I figured I'd ask about the possibility of getting a mojito. I pointed to the sign and said, "Veo 'cocktails'" ("I see 'cocktails'") and she seemed okay with that so far, so I went on, "Tiene mojitos?" ("Do you have mojitos?") full of hope. They did not have mojitos, nor did they have something that I thought briefly might have been "curaçao" but sounded like "curacha" (which is apparently a type of crab from the Phillipines, so probably not that one). She pointed at the bottles behind the bar and said more things that I didn't get, so I shrugged and said, sadly, "No se. Se 'mojitos'." ("I don't know. I know 'mojitos'.") But then we ordered dessert, which was much easier -- there were several types of cake, one of which was chocolate and one of which was three-chocolate; it was a pretty obvious choice, and I think she approved of my enthusiasm for the three-chocolate option. Also at this point, Tony saved me from mistakenly ordering the merely one-chocolate cake... he's my hero.

As we finished the cake - which was *amazing* - she came back with the other guy who was working there. They gave us directions for two places down the street to get mojitos, and drew me a map to make sure I could get there. They were so nice, and most of the food was really good (and the cake was good enough to make up the difference). It was a lovely find that I'm glad we stumbled onto.
